fix(docs): 修改用 docker-compose 更新 rsshub 的文案，对新手更友好 (#7192)
DIYgod/RSSHub: docs/en/install/README.md

$ docker-compose down
```

> Pull the latest image

Reviewer: 在这里多说明一下在什么情况下需要进行这个操作会比较好
将说明部分的内容添加过来就好了

Author: 修改好了，说明了如果之前下载过镜像，但是 RSSHub 有所更新，则需要进行这一步操作

> Pull the latest image if [RSSHub](https://github.com/DIYgod/RSSHub) has been updated and you downloaded the older image previously

Reviewer: ```suggestion
re-Pull the latest image if you have downloaded the image before. It is helpful to resolve some issues.
```
